[DOC-9161] --locality-advertise-addr should include only this node's addresses (#18747)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/v24.2/cockroach-start.md

`--advertise-http-addr` | The IP address/hostname and port to advertise for DB Console HTTP requests when [proxying connections to the DB Console]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/ui-overview.md %}#proxy-db-console). If omitted, the hostname is inherited from the operating system hostname or the hostname from `--advertise-addr`. If the port is omitted, it defaults to `8080` and is never inherited from `--advertise-addr`.
`--http-addr` | <a name="flags-http-addr"></a> The IP address/hostname and port on which to listen for DB Console HTTP requests. For IPv6, use the notation `[...]`, e.g., `[::1]:8080` or `[fe80::f6f2:::]:8080`.<br><br>**Default:** Listen on the address specified in `--listen-addr` and on port `8080`

> `--locality-advertise-addr` | The IP address/hostname and port to tell other nodes in specific localities to use to connect to this node. This flag is useful when running a cluster across multiple networks, where nodes in a given network have access to a private or local interface while nodes outside the network do not. In this case, you can use `--locality-advertise-addr` to tell nodes within the same network to prefer the private or local address to improve performance and use `--advertise-addr` to tell nodes outside the network to use another address that is reachable from them. However, **do not** include addresses or hostnames that do not resolve to this node, because this will cause connection failures when other nodes attempt to connect to this node. <br><br>This flag relies on nodes being started with the [`--locality`](#locality) flag and uses the `locality@address` notation, for example:<br><br>`--locality-advertise-addr=region=us-west@10.0.0.0:26257`<br><br>See the [example](#start-a-multi-node-cluster-across-private-networks) below for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`--locality-advertise-addr` | The IP address/hostname and port to tell other nodes in specific localities to use to connect to this node. This flag is useful when running a cluster across multiple networks, where nodes in a given network have access to a private or local interface while nodes outside the network do not. In this case, you can use `--locality-advertise-addr` to tell nodes within the same network to prefer the private or local address to improve performance and use `--advertise-addr` to tell nodes outside the network to use another address that is reachable from them. However, **do not** include addresses or hostnames that do not resolve to this node, because this will cause connection failures when other nodes attempt to connect to this node. <br><br>This flag relies on nodes being started with the [`--locality`](#locality) flag and uses the `locality@address` notation, for example:<br><br>`--locality-advertise-addr=region=us-west@10.0.0.0:26257`<br><br>For more details, refer to the [Start a multi-node cluster across private networks](#start-a-multi-node-cluster-across-private-networks) example.
```
